Add stateful example for tutorial3 (#281)
scale-it/algo-builder: examples/stateful-counter/README.md

## Example

We will create a simple stateful smart contract which will:
- Have a global variable `counter`
- Will increment `counter` each time we call the application.

## Steps

> + Create a file with Approval Program

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ [Create a file with Approval Program](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder/blob/1307db9b620d8715c844bdf5c329599e557aade8/examples/stateful-counter/README.md#1-create-a-file-with-approval-program)
```
Can we hyperlink these points to their description below as well (as suggested above) ? note: probably the link is not right

Author: yes

+ Create a file with Clear program
+ Deploy New Application
+ Opt-In to Application
+ Call Application
+ Update Application
+ Delete Application

# 1. Create a file with Approval Program

> We will create a approval program which has global `counter` and it is incremented when we call the application. Put the code below in `/assets/approval_program.teal`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will create an approval program which has global `counter` and it is incremented by 1 each time we call the application. Put the code below in `/assets/approval_program.teal`:
```

// read global state
byte "counter"
dup
app_global_get

// increment the value
int 1
+

// store to scratch space
dup
store 0

// update global state
app_global_put

// load return value as approval
load 0
return

```

This program has a single global key/value pair to store the number of times the program was called. The key is the string "counter" and the value will be defined as an integer when the application is created.

# 2. Create a file with Clear Program

Now, we will create clear program. This program does not evaluate any conditions and simply approves the call. Put the code below in `/assets/clear_program.teal`:

```
#pragma version 2

int 1
return
```

# 3. Deploy New Application

To deploy the contract use the following code in a new file named `deploy.js` in `scripts` folder of your project directory:

### Create user accounts

```javascript
  const masterAccount = deployer.accountsByName.get('master-account');
  const creatorAccount = deployer.accountsByName.get('alice');

  const algoTxnParams = {
    type: types.TransactionType.TransferAlgo,
    sign: types.SignType.SecretKey,
    fromAccount: masterAccount,
    toAccountAddr: creatorAccount.addr,

>     amountMicroAlgos: 200000000,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    amountMicroAlgos: 200e6,
```

    payFlags: {}
  };
  // transfer some algos to creator account
  await executeTransaction(deployer, algoTxnParams);
```

> In the code above we declare user accounts and fund `creatorAccount` account. `masterAccount` is the default account used in algob private net.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the code above we declared user accounts and funded `creatorAccount` account. `masterAccount` is the default account used in algob private net.
```

### Deploy stateful contract

> Firstly we need to put some money into the contract. `master` account will fund it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firstly we need to fund the contract. `master` account will fund it (as it has lot of algos):
```

```javascript
  // Create Application
  // Note: An Account can have maximum of 10 Applications.
  const sscInfo = await deployer.deploySSC(
    'approval_program.teal', // approval program
    'clear_program.teal', // clear program
    {
      sender: creatorAccount,
      localInts: 1,
      localBytes: 1,
      globalInts: 1,
      globalBytes: 1
    }, {});

  console.log(sscInfo);
```

Parameters passed are:
  - Approval Program
  - Clear Program
  - SSC(stateful smart contract) arguments which includes sender and details for storage usage.

>   - Transaction parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Common transaction parameters (eg. totalFee)
```

- In above code we have deployed a new application.

> - After deploying application you will get the following information on your terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After deploying application you should see the following information on your terminal:
```

```
Created new app-id: 189
{
  creator: 'EDXG4GGBEHFLNX6A7FGT3F6Z3TQGIU6WVVJNOXGYLVNTLWDOCEJJ35LWJY',
  txId: 'BCP3ZKT26K2BEB475OMKQHOMBEFVWEHESRS3XMAWQEVASFP6JFUA',
  confirmedRound: 13899,
  appID: 189
}

```

# 4. Opt-In to Application

To Opt-In to an application use the following code in one of your scripts (in `./scripts`):

```javascript

> 	await deployer.optInToSSC(Account, applicationID, {}, {});

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	await deployer.optInToSSC(account, applicationID, {}, {});
```

```

where `Account` is the account you want to opt-in and applicationID is application index.

# 5. Call Application

To call an application use the following code in one of your scripts (in `./scripts`):

```javascript

> 	const tx = {

Reviewer: Is the indentation here correct? Could you please check?

Author: fixed

      type: types.TransactionType.CallNoOpSSC,
      sign: types.SignType.SecretKey,
      fromAccount: creatorAccount,
      appId: applicationID,
      payFlags: {}
    }

    await executeTransaction(deployer, tx);
```

In `tx` there are following parameters:
  - we set the type which is `CallNoOpSSC` - Call to stateful smart contract

>   - set the sign to SecretKey

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - set the sign to SecretKey (tx is signed by creatorAccount's sk)
```

  - provide fromAccount details

>   - provide application index of SSC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - provide application index of SSC (retreived from checkpoint)
```

>   - provide payment flags. If any (fee, firstValid, lastvalid etc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - provide payment flags, if any (eg. fee, firstValid, lastvalid etc)
```

Calling application each time will increase the stateful counter by 1.
To view the global state of the application you can use the following code:

```
  // Retreive Global State
  let globalState = await readGlobalStateSSC(deployer, creatorAccount.addr, applicationID);
  console.log(globalState);
```

Output:

```
[ { key: 'Y291bnRlcg==', value: { bytes: '', type: 2, uint: 2 } } ]
[ { key: 'Y291bnRlcg==', value: { bytes: '', type: 2, uint: 3 } } ]
```

> here key 'Y291bnRlcg==' is converted form of `counter`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
here key 'Y291bnRlcg==' is base64 encoded form of `counter`.
```

# 6. Update Application

> To update application you can use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update an application with (new_approval.teal, new_clear.teal), you can use:
```

```javascript
const updatedRes = await updateSSC(
    deployer,
    creatorAccount,
    {}, // pay flags
    applicationID,
    'new_approval.teal',
    'new_clear.teal',
    {}
  );
console.log('Application Updated: ', updatedRes);
```

# 7. Delete Application

> To delete application you can use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To delete an existing application you can use:
```

Reviewer: We can also add a note that deleting non existing app will throw error

> ## Example

Reviewer: Please rename the heading to something more meaningful.

Author: Could you please suggest something ?
